DEVDOCS-2178: Update Defining Global Styles (#684)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/cart-and-checkout/open-source-checkout.md

> 1. Navigate to the folder where Open Source Checkout is located using the terminal, and run `npm ci` to download dependancies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the Open Source Checkout folder using the terminal, and run `npm ci` to download dependencies
```

2. Run `npm run build` to generate a `/dist/` folder with all the files

### Properties available on checkout page

> When a store is using custom checkout, some properties will be attached to the window object (`window.checkoutConfig`) on the checkout page. These properties are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a store uses custom checkout, some properties will be attached to the window object (`window.checkoutConfig`) on the checkout page. These properties are:
```
